Review guide section of documentation. (#2279)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/guide-control.rst

Optimal Quantum Control in QuTiP
================================

> The Quantum Control part of qutip has been moved to it's own project.
> Previously available implementation is now located in the `qutip-qtrl <https://qutip-qtrl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ module.
> A newer interface with upgraded capacities is also being developped in `qutip-qoc <https://github.com/flowerthrower/qutip-qoc/tree/packaging>`_.
> Please give these module a look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Quantum Control part of qutip has been moved to its own project.

The previously available implementation is now located in the `qutip-qtrl <https://qutip-qtrl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ module. If the ``qutip-qtrl`` package is installed, it can also be imported under the name ``qutip.control`` to ease porting code developed for QuTiP 4 to QuTiP 5.

A newer interface with upgraded capacities is being developped in `qutip-qoc <https://github.com/flowerthrower/qutip-qoc/tree/packaging>`_.

Please give these modules a try.
```
